Here are homework questions for you to recap the concepts
we went through in class.

1. Navigating the terminal
  a, What is a root directory?
      is the The first directory in a hierarchy.
  b, What is the difference between root and home directory?
  The root directory is the topmost level of the system drive( The first directory in a hierarchy.). The home directory is a subdirectory of the root directory. 

  c, What is the difference between absolute and relative path?
 an absolute path is a complete path from start of actual file system from / directory. Relative path is defined as the path related to the present working directly(pwd)
  d, What command do you use to see what directory are you currently in?
  pwd

  e, How would you see the files and folders in a directory?
  ls, dir

  f, How do you go back to your home directory?
  cd ..

  g, How do you create a new folder, can you also specify in the command where you want to save it ?
  Open Git Bash. Navigate to the directory in which you want to create a folder. Type the following command mkdir <folder name> and Press enter to create the directory.

  h, How do you remove a folder/directory, is it the same as removing a file?
  To remove a directory and all its contents, including any subdirectories and files, use the rm command with the recursive option, -r . Directories that are removed with the rmdir command cannot be recovered, nor can directories and their contents removed with the rm -r command.

  i, What is a file or folder is not empty ? What flag would you use to remove it anyway?
  rm command – Remove directory and all files even if it is NOT empty by passing the -r to the rm to remove a directory that is not empty

  j, How do you move a folder/file ? What arguments does the command take?
  git-mv - Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink

  k, How can you find out more about a command and see the available options, syntax etc.
    (How/Where do you see the manual/help for a command)
    -h --help Prints the synopsis and a list of the most commonly used commands.

  l, With what command do you rename a folder/file in the command line?
  git-mv[1]
Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink

  m, How do you copy a folder ?
  git-checkout-index[1] Copy files from the index to the working tree

  n, What command do you use to open a folder/file ?

2. Creating a new project
  a, How do you create a new folder (what command) ?
  The mkdir command which stands for make directory allows you to create a new directory/folder.

  b, What command do you use to create/initiate a local repository (from the command line)?
     /One can also create a new repository on Github and then just clone it to their machine./

  c, What command do you use to create a new file ?
  To create a new repo, you'll use the git init command.

  d, If you create a file and and add text to it, these changes are now on your working directory.
     How would you save these to the local repository (describe the steps with commands)
     git commit
We use the git commit command to commit all the files that are staged in the staging area to the Git repository.
git commit -m
If we use the git commit -m "message" command then Git will not open any editor and will use the "message" as the commit message and will create the commit.

    - from working directory to the staging area

    - from the staging area to local repository

  e, What does git status do ?
  git-status[1]
Show the working tree status

  f, How would you check your commit history?
  `git log` command is used to view the commit history and display the necessary information of the git repository.

  g, To share your project(folder), you will need to create a remote repository.
     This can be done either on Github or in the command line using "gh repo create" command.
     To connect your local repository to the remote one (if you were to create it on github)
     you need to add remote to it. Briefly describe, what would be the commands to do this ?

    - How do you check whether you already have some github/remote repository connected to your local one?

    - What command do you use to add the remote

  h, When local and remote repository are connected, one can push the changes/files so they are visible
     on github. What would be the structrure of the command ? Do you need to create a pull request?


3. Working on an existing project
  a, To get this homework to your computer you needed to copy a remote repository into your machine.
    What were the commands you needed to use?

  b, Do you need to initiate a git repository after cloning a project?

  c, What is the difference between forking and cloning?

  d, Can you just push your changes to repository that you don't "own" on github?
